DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then, out of nowhere, we were invaded
by these mysterious and evil Mechtogan,
who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon, Slycerak, Exostriker, and Mandibor
were their names, and leading them was
this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back,
because no one is going to take our freedom,
not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you going to do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Got to give it your all
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You've got to fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan
MAN ON LOUDSPEAKER: Okay, battle fans.
You've seen each of these battlers
destroy every opponent that's crossed their paths.
And now, they're going head to head against each other.
Who will be the last man standing
in the battle of Dan versus Gunz?
GUNZ: You're going down, Kuso.
Ready, Reptak?
REPTAK: Yes.
(Grunting)
Gunz, we can do this.
GUNZ: Yes. It's just like we promised each other.
Together, we'll be champions.
This is our time, Reptak!
(Static squealing)
Huh?
Where a-am I?
W-What happened to me?
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Gunz Lives.\"
(Grunting)
(Panting)
I don't understand.
I was fighting with Kuso, and then...
(Grunting)
What's going on here?
I got to find out.
Ah!
Right.
It was those Mechtogan.
WORTON: Your last battle sent the brawlers tumbling off a cliff
and into the ocean.
There's been no sign of them.
No one could have survived that.
So why are we still searching the island?
Because, Professor,
the brawlers have the resilience of cockroaches.
I won't believe that they're gone
until I see all of the bodies.
One more question, Wiseman.
I haven't seen Balista in a while.
Do you have idea where he might be?
WISEMAN: No idea.
Perhaps he got his nose stuck somewhere it didn't belong.
\u266a
Hmm?
(Grunting) Ah!
I'm surprised you have so much energy
after such a long nap.
(Grunting)
Are you the one who brought me here, you punk?
Come on! Answer me now!
I said answer me!
Ah!
(Wiseman laughing)
WISEMAN: Let me ask you a question first, Gunz.
Do I...
Huh?
...look familiar to you?
But that's... impossible.
No way!
I understand your confusion, Gunz.
I can only imagine how shocking it must be
to come face to face with your doppelganger like this.
But perhaps it's better if you just accept
that the truth is something too great
for your puny human mind to comprehend.
GUNZ: My... human mind?
WISEMAN: The one that created me.
GUNZ: I'm going to take down Kuso and his partner, Drago,
no matter what it takes.
So, do you remember that, Gunz?
How did you...
Those may have been only thoughts,
but they were so deeply rooted in anger and jealousy
that their dark energy seeped out of you.
But that same energy was not content to just be.
So in turn, it created me.
You're wrong! It's true.
I... I wanted to beat him,
but not because I was angry or jealous of him.
My intentions weren't based in anything negative.
WISEMAN: Then explain to me how I got here.
Huh? Quiet!
I don't know how you got inside my head,
but you don't know me!
Huh?
Wait!
Where's Reptak?
What have you done with him?
To be quite honest with you, I don't really know where he is.
Feel free to take a look around the island if you like.
(Growling)
But don't be surprised
if your old partner is unhappy to see you.
(Gunz growling)
Good luck with your search, Gunz.
You'll be back soon enough,
once you learn that there's no hope for you.
(Laughing)
DAN: Ah, man. I can't believe it.
That must have been at least a 100-foot drop we took.
I'm just thankful that Kato was able
to scoop us up with the submarine,
or we'd still be treading water.
I've got Skytruss and Orbeum
running more recon on the island,
and apparently, the Nonets are still looking for us.
If they're looking for us,
we need to be even more prepared
for the next attack against them.
Hey, Reptak.
What's wrong, buddy?
Huh? Oh.
I was just thinking that pretty soon,
we're going to be facing off against Gunz again.
Are you okay with that?
Whatever. Forget that dude, okay?
What?
DAN: I know he was your partner at one time,
but something flipped his switch,
and now, he's fighting on the side of evil.
We'll try once more to turn him back, but if we can't,
then we have to put him out of business for good. Alright?
Dan, do you have any idea
how much the old Gunz looked up to and admired you?
What? You crazy, dude?
All I remember is that he couldn't stand me.
That's why he was always challenging me.
When Gunz first joined
the professional Bakugan brawling league,
he was an undefeated rookie
who had already made quite a name for himself.
He was the one to watch.
Sound familiar?
Yeah, I think I remember hearing something like that.
Gunz always modeled himself after you.
So you can imagine how excited he was when he finally
got to battle against his hero.
But you defeated him pretty badly,
and... well, he was crushed.
Huh?
GUNZ: (Growling) This stinks!
Gunz!
GUNZ: He took me down like a total noob.
I looked like a fool in front of everyone!
Forget this, Reptak. Who needs it?
I quit, dude.
REPTAK: Wait!
Gunz...
I'm just... so ticked off.
I'm not a punk.
I've got some mad skills. But he took me down
like I'd never fought a battle before.
Kuso totally humiliated me. Both of us.
We got schooled in front of a packed arena.
How do you come back from that, huh? Tell me.
We swear an oath to each other
to keep going, keep getting better
until we're the best anyone's ever seen.
Reptak...
What do you say?
Are you with me?
You bet.
I'm sorry I lost my head there like that, pal.
You know what?
We could beat those punks.
We just need a little more practice,
a little more experience.
And in no time, we'll be able to take down
anyone who dares to cross our paths!
(Clinking)
REPTAK: And with that, we were back in action.
We trained around the clock, nonstop.
Every battle we fought, we won,
quickly working our way up the ranks.
And before we knew it, it was our turn
to face off against you and Drago again.
I'd never seen Gunz so excited.
After all our hard work, he was getting a second chance
to go against his hero and number one rival.
The only difference was, this time,
he was not facing you as an underling or a rookie
but as an equal.
It was going to be his proudest moment,
which is what doesn't make sense.
Gunz wouldn't have just left without seeing things through.
DAN: Well, if we ever get the real Gunz back,
maybe we can have a rematch!
It's the least we can do
for the loyalty you've shown us, Reptak.
REPTAK: Thanks, Dan.
You have no idea how much that means to me.
MIRA: Good news, everybody.
Using the data files I had, I've been able to rebuild
new versions of the battle suits Wiseman stole.
That means our arsenal is whole once again.
Wicked. Let's head back to the hideout.
Only this time, I say we kick down their front door.
ALL: Right!
RUNO: Okay. Coordinate codes are set!
Battle suits.
Defendtrix, teleport to Drago!
Combustoid, teleport to Reptak!
Fortatron, teleport to Jaakor!
Clawbruk, teleport to Radizen!
\u266a
RUNO: Connection complete.
Battle suit systems are powered up,
and synchro rates are 100 percent.
Good luck, guys.
I suppose this is as good a place as any to start.
I'm sure they already know we're here.
Let's go, then.
REPTAK: I'm coming for you, Gunz.
(Drinking)
\u266a
What that guy said to me can't be true.
No way.
He didn't come from me. I don't have that kind of darkness.
Could I be that evil, deep inside?
Ah, who knows?
I'm just fed up.
(Massive footsteps approaching)
Hmm?
Huh?
Drago. What's he doing here?
And Reptak, too?
Oh. Reptak!
(Gunz panting)
Reptak!
Huh?
Hey, check it out.
Wiseman!
Dan!
DAN: We came to settle this
once and for all, pal!
What are you talking about, Kuso?
Hey, Reptak,
what's going on here, huh?
Why are you with these guys?
Gunz?
Don't believe him, Reptak!
It's just more of Wiseman's tricks!
Who's Wiseman?
Must be... that other guy.
I'm not him! I'm Gunz, Kuso!
Yeah, right! We know!
You and Wiseman are the same guy!
No, that's-- that's not true, guys! No!
There's some other guy out there with a face just like mine.
Is that who you're talking about?
Is he Wiseman?
DAN: Yeah, nice try, buddy.
But we're not falling for your innocent Gunz act again.
You got that?
It's not an act!
Well, then, prove it to us.
(Growling)
Go on. If you're for real, give us a reason
to believe you really are who you say you are.
Come on, pal!
REPTAK: Huh?
GUNZ: We're partners, man!
If anyone knows for sure that I'm not lying,
it's going to be you!
Can you tell these guys I'm the real Gunz?
Come on, dude. It's me here.
You know it, right?
REPTAK: Gunz, if it is really you,
then let me ask...
Do you remember the oath we swore to each other?
Huh? The oath?
REPTAK: If you're Gunz,
you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.
GUNZ: Forget this, Reptak. Who needs it?
We'll be able to take down
anyone who dares to cross our path!
(Static squealing)
Ah!
REPTAK: Gunz!
I can only see bits of it.
My brain's so fuzzy.
Why can't I remember?
What did that guy do to mess up my head so badly?
How am I going to convince Reptak?
What if I can't?
Please-- Whoa!
--you got to believe me.
(Snapping)
Ah, Reptak!
Oh, no.
Not this place!
(Groaning)
Not again!
DAN: Don't believe his lies, Reptak!
Stick with us!
DAN: Keep your focus, Jaakor.
The final battle is near.
Huh? What?
Huh.
So Wiseman and Gunz
really are different people, then?
WISEMAN: Yes. And now that his partner Bakugan
has turned his back on him,
I'm sure that I can add him to my list of allies
who also want to destroy the brawlers.
REPTAK: You're going to pay for this!
(Grunting)
WISEMAN: Bakugan brawl!
Rise, Subterra Stronk!
Ventus Worton!
Pyrus Spatterix!
(Grunting)
Battle suits ready!
Combustoid!
Now, Clawbruk!
Fortatron!
\u266a
Since we're fighting with the same battle suits on both sides,
this should determine who the superior battler is,
once and for all!
This should be a good distraction
for everyone involved
until it's time for me to reveal my big surprise.
SPATTERIX: Let's do this.
(Roaring)
Whoa!
Dan, we'll deal with the Gunz thing later.
Let's focus on this battle!
Uh... yeah, right.
Come on, let's go,
Drago and Reptak!
Ready! On it!
Radizen?
Ready, boss!
Here we go!
(Grunting)
SPATTERIX: Watch it, you clown.
That blast of yours nearly took me out.
I'm on your side, remember?
You're welcome.
RADIZEN: I hate to break up your lovers' quarrel,
but can we get back to the battle, please?
Ah!
Heads up, Radizen!
WORTON: I'm going to crush you!
RADIZEN: You wish, lizard lips.
Now, Stronk!
STRONK: Yeah, yeah. Keep your shirt on.
Ah!
Oh!
Radizen, Marucho!
Let's get in there!
You're going down.
(Growling)
REPTAK: I can't believe you turned me against my old partner, Wiseman.
I'm going to make you regret the day you were born.
I promise. Hah!
(Grunting)
Get your head in the game, Reptak.
Sorry, Jaakor.
He's right. I have to treat Wiseman like any other opponent.
Revenge only clouds your mind.
I'll make things right with Gunz
after we win.
Bring it on, Spatterix!
You'll have to be faster than that!
Ah!
Give up yet?
In your dreams!
That's it.
All of you, keep battling.
Yes, yes.
It won't be very long now.
Wiseman, how long are you going to make me wait?
I want in!
Ha! Very well.
Bakugan brawl!
Rise, Darkus Betadron,
Darkus Kodokor,
Darkus Mutabrid,
and Haos Tremblar!
(Roaring)
Bakugan unite!
You're finished, Drago!
Ready?
You bet.
United ability activate!
Demille Panzer!
Smile, Drago!
Ah!
(Crashing)
Drago!
I'm okay.
I'm not finished with you yet!
How do you like this action?
I'm going to wear you down, old man.
I've got all night to do this dance, pal.
Ah!
Huh?
Hold on.
Combat mode. Deployment complete.
Spare this, you! Hah!
Ability activate!
Lagrange Shield!
Goliath Floogle!
TREMBLAR: Target locked on!
(Shouting)
(Shun whistling)
SHUN: Skytruss, Orbeum!
(Whistling)
Over here!
You rang, Master Shun.
We're ready to rock.
Hit them hard, guys!
Right. Yes, sir.
Bakugan brawl!
Baku Sky Raider go!
(Roaring)
Ability activate!
Full Moon Wave Burning!
Hah!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Supreme Flame!
\u266a
Shun!
(Panting)
What's wrong?
You're looking a little tired.
You sure you've got enough juice to continue?
Quit running your mouth, Drago.
I know you're just stalling!
DRAGO: Don't you understand that Wiseman is just using you?
He'll destroy you as soon as this is all over.
Do you really think
you can talk me into coming over to your side?
The loathing the Nonets have for you
is like nothing you've ever known.
We can never be turned! Not ever!
Watch out!
DRAGO: Hang on!
Get back here!
Just a little more now.
(Roaring)
What?
Hey, if that's the way you want it...
Ah!
(Roaring)
(Crashing)
\u266a
We did it!
You certainly did, Dan.
Huh?
REPTAK: What?
At last, I finally have the energy I need.
ALL: Oh!
COREDEGON: Thanks for all your hard work, Nonets.
I couldn't have done it without you.
But now, you're all excused!
(Laughing)
\u266a
What do you mean, we're excused?
What about our vengeance?
I don't believe it.
Wiseman is...
DRAGO: Coredegon.
This just gets weirder and weirder.
You said it, pal!
COREDEGON: The time has finally come...
for me to fulfil my destiny!
Ah!
COREDEGON: I suggest you all say your final goodbyes,
because in a few moments,
the world is going to burn!
(Roaring)
DAN: I thought things were confusing when we thought
Wiseman and Gunz were the same person.
Turns out, not only are they different, but Wiseman
is actually Coredegon in disguise.
And now that he's fully resurrected
and charged up to the max,
he's determined to destroy everything.
Too bad for him, we're not going down without a fight!
But he's so determined to crush us,
he brings in all of his slimy Mechtogan buddies
to help him out. You got to tune in
just to see how serious things get.
This is our most intense battle ever.
If we lose to Coredegon and the rest of his posse,
it's lights out not only for us
but for the rest of the universe!
\u266a